let's have a watch one of my favorite
episodes
Sharon gate oh gosh
see what my hairdo looks like today
really wasn't she
yeah they were together right it was
that phil was a nice side of guam about
the other stuff
ah look how young Ross looks we thought
things would work out once when Grant
was in prison and me feel good to give
all the time it was different
why it just was I didn't know that the
first time in one minute I was looking
at him in the next ripping each others
clothes off
well it was that phil was a nice cider
grown weren't the other stuff about now
it's definitely finished yeah you sure
hmm it wasn't I think there was all that
stuff of an engagement in that well no
she hasn't gotten to Charleston what
about when you went to see him at the
flat a couple weeks ago okay
over there Crump Laura no you didn't go
over there just to wish him good luck
[Music]
so we actually hit each other in those
days that was a proper time God what's
it one tight ones out did you get hit a
couple of times I probably got ahead of
you Charlie yeah what was the response
light did you have people come up to you
on the street yeah oh yeah I read summer
go yeah go and show another swell I hope
good Ewan people quite vocal back in the
day weren't nice yeah is it fair to say
Leticia this was very much the star of
the toxic relationship that we now know
you know with Sharon and Phil yeah
absolutely I mean I just think they were
always always attracted to each other
always drawn to each other can't be
without each other it's one of those
terrible don't you say toxic
relationships but this was definitely
from the start of it yeah definitely I
trusted you I loved you I really loved
you Sharon
[Music]
don't you touch me don't you ever touch
me again you've not been a husband to me
since the minute you put this ring on my
finger now get out of my house I take
that thing with you perhaps you and
Steve get on off just love that man I
may be working closely quite a long time
now and it's just lovely because you get
each other's rhythms don't you when you
work with somebody for a long time and
so it's comfortable but also we get such
meeting material as well that that keeps
us on our toes and he's a really
generous actor and a really dear friend
and it's really is really thoughtful as
well he's fabulous I can't believe
that's coming for me and Bill I know I
love Ian and Phil know everybody
presumes that the Canadian and Phil
don't get on but Adam and Steve won
Gilliam sabe and I am your very best
be nice or you can be honest
oh please anyone those job
Ian and Phil you know you've been
working together for years he's been
with your best friends he's been with
your mother I know I've been trying to
do my research and I start thinking this
is all very confusing
everyone's been with everyone but this
same this clip is really really
beautiful because I think was very
unpredicted because for once
Phil is sort of quite soft with you and
just before he shoved my head down the
loo he's not trying to flush a head down
the loo at this one this is when en has
just lost his daughter
it's I've got nothing left to fill
things are artists where's my point
moaning about it is I just just do
what's got be darkness that's my mum
enjoy your mum sir how many tins
[Laughter]
I must get sent now clear three times a
day if not more oh this is when you're
at your best though look at Phil
[Applause]
oh that gets so taken out of context now
it gets used for everything forever and
out of toilet paper it turns into a main
nomina we used to call out in tiny tears
because he could literally just cry like
that I've got a button on the back of my
neck and we credit what ever since you
were little you could do it couldn't you
[Music]
you